CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Confd

Want to hack on Confd? Awesome! Here are instructions to get you started. They are probably not
perfect, please let us know if anything feels wrong or incomplete.

# Who are the Maintainers?

## BDFL

Confd follows the timeless, highly efficient and totally unfair system known as [Benevolent dictator
for life](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benevolent_Dictator_for_Life).

Kelsey Hightower - the creator of Confd - serves as the project's BDFL. Kelsey serves as the final
arbiter of any disputes and has the final say on project direction.

## Core Maintainers

Core maintainers are exceptionally knowledgeable about Confd. Core maintainers are responsible for
the following:

 - respond to github issues, review and merge pull requests
 - help shape confd's roadmap
 - actively participate in feature development and general maintenance
 - answer and help users in #confd
 - interview and recruit new members as contributing maintainers

Pull requests which are considered minor or "showstoppers" can be merged with at least one core maintainer's
LGTM, otherwise they need approval from the BDFL.

### Who assigns maintainers?

Kelsey.

### How can I become a maintainer?

 - make yourself useful by contributing code, bugfixes, support etc.
 - volunteer on the irc channel

Don't forget: being a maintainer is a time investment. Make sure you will have time to make
yourself available. You don't have to be a maintainer to make a difference on the project!

Commit message:

Initial changes after the fork - attempt to rewrite the github links to this fork + changing maintenars and so on

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Confd

Want to hack on Confd? Awesome! Here are instructions to get you started. They are probably not
perfect, please let us know if anything feels wrong or incomplete.

# Who are the Maintainers?

## BDFL

Confd follows the timeless, highly efficient and totally unfair system known as [Benevolent dictator
for life](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benevolent_Dictator_for_Life).

Kelsey Hightower - the creator of Confd - serves as the project's BDFL. Kelsey serves as the final
arbiter of any disputes and has the final say on project direction.

Marek Odraska - the owner and lead of this fork of Confd (currently doing it as a side project)

## Core Maintainers

Core maintainers are exceptionally knowledgeable about Confd. Core maintainers are responsible for
the following:

 - respond to github issues, review and merge pull requests
 - help shape confd's roadmap
 - actively participate in feature development and general maintenance
 - answer and help users in #confd
 - interview and recruit new members as contributing maintainers

Pull requests which are considered minor or "showstoppers" can be merged with at least one core maintainer's
LGTM, otherwise they need approval from the BDFL.

### Who assigns maintainers?

Marek.

### How can I become a maintainer?

 - make yourself useful by contributing code, bugfixes, support etc.
 - volunteer on the irc channel

Don't forget: being a maintainer is a time investment. Make sure you will have time to make
yourself available. You don't have to be a maintainer to make a difference on the project!
